---
title: November 2022
description: Trying to start a new habit of a monthly check-in post
date: 2022-11-21T16:24:00
tags:
  - now
excerpt: |
  Twitter is a dumpster file that I can't bring myself to participate in any longer. I've been using Mastodon regularly for a few weeks now and I'm liking it quite a bit. I've seen lots of other folks writing posts expressing similar feelings.

  I redesigned my personal site this month and launched it last week. I really happy with the updates and I'm currently working on this new _Now_ page feature. I'm feeling very motivated to write on my own site at the moment. I'm hopeful I can keep it up.
ogImage: /img/hero-image-2.png
---
I would like to start writing a monthly check-in post that I can aggregate into a feed for a new [now page](https://nownownow.com/about). I tried keeping a _Now_ page a few years ago and it never really stuck, but I think treating is as a feed of short, focused posts might work a little better for me. I like the idea of having a unified feed where I can look back month-by-month on what I was working on, thinking about, etc.

## Social media rethink

I, like a lot of other people have developed a pretty unhealthy (verging on toxic?) relationship with social media over the past 4-5 years. I started following a lot of journalists and political commentators during the lead up to the 2016 election and while I do think it is important to stay informed, I've learned that maybe Twitter isn't the most productive platform for me to do that on. I realize that I'm very privileged to be able to just tune out, but for the sake of my mental health, I need to find a more productive less rage-inducing way to engage.

## Personal websites are cool

I've started to use my old Mastodon account that I created the last time I thought seriously about quitting Twitter in 2018. I'm really enjoying it over there. I [wrote a post](/blog/the-web-feels-exciting-again/) about that experience a little while back.

The mass exodus from Twitter has also rekindled my excitement for writing and working on my own site. I was already finishing up a redesign when all of the stuff with Twitter started happening, but the events of the past few weeks really lit a fire under me to finish it up. I've got a few new features I'm excited to add over the next few months like the new [*Now* page](/now/) I mention in the opening of this post.

## Rapid fire status updates

- 🎚️ **Home studio** — I built a very basic recording set up so that I can start making demos at home. It's really fun, and I actually finished writing two new songs that I almost have demos finished for. It's the first time I've written any new music in almost 10 years.
- 🎸 **Playing music** — I've also been playing music pretty regularly with some of my friends. We rehearse once a week on Thursday nights. It feels good to be jamming regularly with other real humans. Right now we're working on some tracks with our friend [Yuki](https://yukikawana.bandcamp.com/) that she wants to record in the spring. I'm having a blast!
- 🎨 **Redesign and rebuilt my website** — I made some space in the hero to use some of my own original artwork. It will be fun to work up new collages as/when I feel like it.
- ⚽ **The World Cup in Qatar** started this past weekend. I just watched the US v. Wales match. Team USA is looking great and, in my opinion, were totally on track to win it until the gave away a sloppy penalty late in the game. I'm excited to watch some more matches over the coming month.
- 🦃 **We're hosting Thanksgiving** this week. There's plenty of stuff to do before everyone comes over to our place on Thursday. I love cooking and I'm actually looking forward to hosting this year.

That's it until next time 👋.